Description:
===========

Indian Language Converter is a tool to convert latin/roman (english
letters) to Indic scripts.  Additionally, it also prints out the HTML
values of the transliterated script if you need to use them directly
in your website (as is done by this website --
http://www.iit.edu/~laksvij/language/)

Installation:
============

In the case that you want to run it on your local computer (which is
probably why you have downloaded it in the first place), simply open
the file index.html (or your preferred language) in your favorite
browser.  Typically, it should just work and the results you get
should be no different from what you see in the original website.

In some cases, you might not get any output.  (This is usually the
case in IE because it has several security flaws and rather than
fixing them, the company decided to do away with some features that
users might find helpful.) In this case, the browser usually gives out
a warning which says (or the equivalent of), "This program is trying
to execute a script which could potentially destroy your computer and
the rest of the world."  If you want to use Indian Language Computer,
you must tell the browser that you know what is going on and are all
right with the script.

Please note however, as mentioned in the file COPYING, this program
comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.  I can tell you that it is safe and
you are welcome to look at the source.  I do not make any
``dangerous'' system calls etc.  (I don't know even know how to write
that kind of code) but nonetheless, this program comes with NO
WARRANTY.  Use at your own risk.

If all those messages scare you, you're probably better off using the
original site where the same disclaimers apply.

Making Changes:
==============

NOTE: You don't have to read this section to use the tool as it is.

Most of the change requests I have seen are to use a different
transliteration scheme.  For instance, using "c" instead of "ch".  I
shall make a walk through making this exact change in telugu.

* The file that needs to be changed is telugu.js

In the file, there will be some place which says

> "ch" :  "&#3098;",

change this to

< "c" :  "&#3098;",

Note that the < and > aren't actually in the file.

Next you must change the consonants variable to reflect this change.
(If you changed a vowel, you must change the vowels variable.)  I
assume you already know enough about regexes.

Alternatively, you can have the whole consonants variable generated
using the regexem.py script.  I assume you know Python for this.  If
not, www.python.org is not a bad place to start and it is a good
decision to make (if you choose to learn the language).

The best way of course, is to use ilcgen the Common Lisp program I
used to write these pages.
